W-15045514 Connector configuration in ACB (#2513)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: connectors-home/modules/ROOT/pages/introduction/intro-config-use-acb.adoc

= Using Anypoint Code Builder to Configure a Connector

> Create a basic integration project in Anypoint Code Builder, add connectors and other components to your Mule application to process your business logic, and configure attributes. 

Reviewer: I think that this needs a lead-in like "To configure a Connector in Anypoint Code Builder..." I know that it is redundant with the heading, but it is jarring without it. If you add the lead-in, I would use bullets to shorten the text.

Global: attribute > field

== Before You Begin

Before creating an integration project, you must:

> * xref:anypoint-code-builder::start-acb.adoc[Set up and access the Anypoint Code Builder web or desktop IDE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:anypoint-code-builder::start-acb.adoc[Set up and access the Anypoint Code Builder web or desktop IDE.]
```

> * Have credentials to access the connector's API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Have credentials to access the connector's API.
```

To use connectors, you must be familiar with:

* The connector’s API
* Anypoint Connectors
* Mule runtime engine (Mule)

> After you complete the prerequisites, you are ready to create an app and configure the connector using Anypoint Code Builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you complete the prerequisites, you are ready to create an app and configure the connector by using Anypoint Code Builder.
```

== Creating a Configuration File

> A configuration file is a YAML file that references other configurations and specifies values for your connector's properties. Define the configuration properties based on the environment you are deploying your application to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A configuration file is a YAML file that references other configurations and specifies values for your connector's properties. Define the configuration properties based on the environment that you are deploying your application to.
```

. In the *Explorer* view, right-click the *resources* folder (`src/main/resources`) and select *New File*.
. Name the file `config.yaml`.

> . Populate your file with the connection properties for your connector, for example, your Salesforce, Gmail, and Slack configurations:

Reviewer: "configurations" doesn't fit here.

Maybe: Populate your file with the properties required to connect to your connector?

+
[source,YAML]
--
salesforce:
 username: "yourUserName"
 password: "yourPassword"
 token: "yourToken"

email:
 host: "smtp.gmail.com"
 username: "yourGmailEmail"
 password: "yourEmailAppPassword"

slack:
 token: "yourSlackToken"
--

> . Navigate to your project XML, add a new line before the `</mule>` tag, type `configuration` and select *mule:configurationProperties*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate to your project XML, add a new line before the `</mule>` tag, type `configuration`, and select *mule:configurationProperties*:
```

+
image::anypoint-code-builder::select-mule-config-properties-contacts-sync.png["List of components with an arrow pointing to the mule:configurationProperties component"]
. Scroll through the attributes and set the value of `file` to `config.yaml`:
+
[source,XML]
--
<configuration-properties file="config.yaml" doc:name="Configuration properties" />
--

=== Salesforce Connector Configuration Example

Use the values in your `config.yaml` file to connect Salesforce Connector to your Salesforce environment:

> . In your project XML file, create a new line after the `<configuration-properties/>` element, then type `salesforce`, and select *salesforce:sfdc-config*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In your project XML file, create a new line after the `<configuration-properties/>` element, type `salesforce`, and select *salesforce:sfdc-config*.
```

. Set the *name* field to `Salesforce-Config`.

> . Create a new line, type `basic` and select *Salesforce:Basic*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a new line, type `basic`, and select *Salesforce:Basic*.
```

. Configure the `username` and `password` properties to use your configuration file values:
+
[source,XML]
--
<salesforce:basic-connection username="${salesforce.username}" password="${salesforce.password}" securityToken="${salesforce.token}" />
--
+
[NOTE]
--
When you move your cursor over the `${salesforce.username}` and `${salesforce.password}` elements, Anypoint Code Builder shows the values from the configuration file.
--
. Click *Test Connection* for the `<salesforce:sfdc-config/>` element to verify your connection to Salesforce:
+

> image::anypoint-code-builder::sync-api-sfdc-test-connection.png["Arrow pointing to the Test Connection option in the connection XML"]

Reviewer: option > button?

Author: It's not a button. It's not anything because it's not UI. This looks like a line of code in the XML editor.

+
Anypoint Code Builder returns a *Connection is valid* message.
+

> If you get an error, verify the error message to troubleshoot further.

Reviewer: It is not clear what "verify" means. Do you mean "read the error message" or "address the error message"?

[[configure-trigger]]
== Configuring a Trigger for the Flow
// tag::acb-configure-source[]
A trigger (source) starts the flow when specified conditions are met. If a connector has its own associated sources, you can use a connector-specific trigger to initiate the flow. Each connector trigger has a unique configuration.

=== Using HTTP Listener as a Trigger

. Click the *Listener* component on the canvas.
. (Optional) Click the edit icon to change the name of the *Listener* component. 
. (Optional) If you created a configuration file for the connector, select it. 
. In the *General* tab, in the *Path* field, enter the relative path for the path set in the HTTP configuration element. See xref:http/http-listener-ref.adoc#configure-paths[Configure Paths]. 

> . Select the *Advanced* tab to configure the following attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the *Advanced* tab to configure the following fields:
```

Author: In this case, since the config UI is very incomplete, some of it has to be done in the XML. I'm staying consistent with ACB terminology, which calls these attributes.

Reviewer: Then change the column in the field description table to Attribute instead of Field.

+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| UI Field | Description | Required

> |Allowed methods |To allow all HTTP methods (default), do not define this attribute. To restrict certain methods, specify all allowed HTTP methods, for example, `GET, POST`, as a comma-separated list.  | No

Reviewer: To make this parallel with other field descriptions: 
Determines which HTTP methods to allow:
* To allow all...
* To restrict specific methods...

> | Response streaming mode | Defines whether to use streaming when the response is sent. | No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Response streaming mode | Whether to use streaming when the response is sent. | No
```

or "If `selected`, ...

| Output MIME type | MIME type of the payload that this component outputs. | No

> |Parameters | Appends a key-value pair for a reader property to the value of the Output MIME attribute. Multiple key-value pairs are allowed.  | No

Reviewer: Is this where users should put key-value pairs? Should they be comma-separated? How do they affect reader properties?

Something like this (but I don't understand how this works very well): 
"One or more key-value pairs to append to the value of the Output MIME attribute. Each pair...

Author: No, they aren't comma-separated in the UI.

| Output encoding | Encoding of the payload that this component outputs. | No

> |Streaming Strategy | This attribute is not currently enabled in the configuration UI. Configure it in the XML editor. See <<configuring-streaming-strategy>>. | No

Reviewer: I would add a short description here before you state that it is not enabled in the configuration UI. This way, users know if they want/need to follow the link.

Global suggestion for similar cases.

> |Primary node only |Select this option to execute the *Listener* trigger on the primary node only when running in a cluster. | No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Primary node only |If selected, executes the *Listener* trigger on the primary node only when running in a cluster. | No
```

|Redelivery policy |This attribute is not currently enabled in the configuration UI. Configure it in the XML editor. See xref:http/http-documentation.adoc#RedeliveryPolicy[Redelivery Policy]. | No
|Reconnection strategy |This attribute is not currently enabled in the configuration UI. Configure it in the XML editor. See xref:http/http-documentation.adoc#reconnect[Reconnect], xref:http/http-documentation.adoc#reconnect[Reconnect Forever], and <<configuring-reconnection-strategy>>. | No
| Response |See xref:http/http-documentation.adoc#HttpResponseAttributes[HTTP Response Attributes]. | No

> | Error Response | HTTP error response returns a status code for the error. | No

Reviewer: Same suggestion - "If selected, the HTTP error response..."

Reviewer: Maybe I am confused about this field and the next few fields. Are users defining an error message with these fields?

|Body | Body of the error message. | No

> |Headers |Headers to include in the error message. | No

Reviewer: Should these be comma-separated?

Author: No

|Status code | Status code of the error response, for example, `500`. | No
|Reason phrase | Reason for the error, for example, `Gateway Timeout` or `Internal Server Error`. | No
|===

For details about the Listener configuration attributes, see xref:http/http-documentation.adoc#listenerConfig[Listener Configuration].

[[use-scheduler-trigger]]

> === Using Scheduler as a Trigger

Reviewer: Maybe "Using the Scheduler Trigger"

> include::anypoint-code-builder::partial$mule-components/4.4/component-scheduler.adoc[tag=component-long-description]

Reviewer: These includes are not working in the local build.

Author: All of the includes work in my local build. Do you have the code-builder repo in your playbook.yml? A lot of these includes are coming from the ACB repo (images too).

+
* *On Modified Object*
+
Initiates your app when a Salesforce user modifies an object. Possible object types are `Contact`, `Lead`, `Account`, `Contracts`, `Opportunity`, or the name of a custom object.
+
* *On New Object*
+
Initiates your app when a Salesforce user creates a new object. Possible object types are `Contact`, `Lead`, `Account`, `Contracts`, `Opportunity`, or the name of a custom object.
+
* *Replay channel listener*
+
Subscribes to a streaming channel. This source provides channel-related notification settings for new events and events stored by Salesforce within the 24-hour retention period. Events that occur in the specified channel source trigger the flow.
+
* *Replay topic listener*
+
Subscribes to a topic. This source provides topic-related notification settings for new events and events stored by Salesforce within the 24-hour retention period. Events that occur on records in the specified topic trigger the flow.
+
* *Subscribe channel listener*
+
Subscribes to a streaming channel. This source provides channel-related notification settings for new events that occur after you subscribe.
+
* *Subscribe topic listener*
+

> Subscribe to a topic. This source provides topic-related notification settings for new events that occur after you subscribe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscribes to a topic. This source provides topic-related notification settings for new events that occur after you subscribe.
```

[NOTE] 
A channel or topic must be published to Salesforce before a subscription to the channel can be created.

For example, to configure the *On New Object* source:

. Add the *On New Object* component to the canvas.
. Click the *On New Object* component on the canvas. 
. In the *General* tab, select the configuration file to use, and configure the following attributes:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| UI Field | Description | Required
|Object type | Salesforce object type. | Yes

> |Triggers query |Query used to filter the trigger results, for example, `Name='Filter'`. | No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Triggers query |Query that filters the trigger results, for example, `Name='Filter'`. | No
```

> |Since | Specify a date in the `YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm:ss` format, for example, `2017-03-17 16:30:40`. If this field is empty, this source retrieves the selected objects from the time the Mule app started.| No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Since | Date in the `YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm:ss` format, for example, `2017-03-17 16:30:40`. If this field is empty, this source retrieves the selected objects from the time the Mule app started.| No
```

Reviewer: You need to say what happens when a date is specified.

> |Scheduling strategy |Triggers execution of the flow based on a time-based condition. This attribute is not currently enabled in the configuration UI. Configure it in the XML editor. See <<use-scheduler-trigger>>.| Yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Scheduling strategy |Triggers the flow's execution based on a time-based condition. This attribute is not currently enabled in the configuration UI. Configure it in the XML editor. See <<use-scheduler-trigger>>.| Yes
```

|===

. Select the *Advanced* tab to configure the following attributes:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| UI Field | Description | Required

> | Primary node only |Select this option to execute the *On New Object* trigger only on the primary node when the app is running in a cluster. | No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Primary node only |Executes the *On New Object* trigger only on the primary node when the app is running in a cluster if selected. | No
```

Reviewer: If selected...

| Redelivery policy | This attribute is not currently enabled in the configuration UI. Configure it in the XML editor. See xref:salesforce/salesforce-connector-reference.adoc#RedeliveryPolicy[Redelivery Policy] | No
|Read timeout | How long the consumer waits for a response before it times out. | No

> | Time unit a| Time unit for the Read timeout. Enumeration, one of:

Reviewer: Suggestion: Time unit for the *Read timeout* field.
